welcome to Miami with him boys mr. Kutz
tourists on a daily basis talk
cautiously therefore hardly caught cake
this is city full of culture and
different races where the mummies come
fully equipped a young age with a
hurricane force even the biggest
hurricane cooking phases we got a dome
for the sleep and we carry this from
night to morning like Marino song all in
a game but I'm not retiring till I got a
championship ring oh stop and champagne
simple and plain check your math and
look over else the baths simple as that
I'm bringing it back to the forefront
like Luke and those fools out two days
he's the one that got these llamas going
soon great god bless uncle al but
knowing him and I was probably engrave
on the tombstone that stands over his
grave to this day hey so if you're
visiting us it even just sitting pretty
on Dukes couscous tray or juice fold
watch where you park your lip because
they will leave it sitting on breaks
awfully quick
with them happy waiters moon to raise
the fan stop Miami always owe me loving
boys from the creepypasta dat knew me
before we might see that Miami heights
Carribean out for the parking is friends
who surrender the boys no dubs on
bitches his no got the mama's head face
Mike Kane on see that's where you catch
piccolo Halloween photo gallery because
he always looked out for me and you from
24th Street barbershop kept me out of
trouble
I went from the Waterboys to the
quarterback in the heart calling all the
plays
you